[R2] Add R2 terraform example using cloudflare provider (#9103)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/examples/terraform-advanced.md

---
title: Terraform (Advanced)
pcx_content_type: configuration
---

# Configure R2 with Terraform

> This example shows how to configure R2 with Terraform using the [AWS provider](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws). For using only the Cloudflare provider, see [Terraform](./terraform-native.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to configure R2 with Terraform using the [AWS provider](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws). For using only the Cloudflare provider, see [Terraform](/r2/examples/terraform/).
```
